DannyTrades

Home

Posts

Collections

Shop

Membership

Recommendations

Gift
13
12 Stocks with Bullish Signals This Week Part 2: (April 6, 2026)
DannyTrades

5 days ago

New
36

After analyzing more than 60 stocks this week, I've compiled a list of stocks showing strong bullish signals based on key technical indicators and current market dynamics. These are the ones I'm watching closely for momentum.

Criteria for Selection:

Red Candles in Panel 1.

Emerging Red Ribbons in Panel 1

Volatility Hole in Panel 1

Closing Above Critical Momentum Bar in Panel 1

Trend Bar From Green to Red in Panel 2

Whale Accumulation in Panel 3

MACD Golden Cross in Panel 4

Important Note: These indicators and analyses do not guarantee future performance. Stock prices can be impacted suddenly by economic data, earnings misses, geopolitical events, war or black swan developments that can shift the narrative overnight.

Stocks with Daily/Weekly/Monthly Red Candles and Other Bullish Signals (in no particular order):

For the daily/weekly/monthly red candles to develop successfully, they must align with increased whale accumulation (red bars in Panel 3) and improved price action. Weekly and monthly red candles usually take more than weeks to months to play out. Patience is always the key.

Below is a list of stocks showing bullish signals presented in no particular order:

FSLY (red candle on daily chart, panel 1)

DOCN (red candle on daily chart, panel 1)

GOOGL (red candle on daily chart, panel 1)

AMZN (red candle on daily chart, panel 1)

META (red candle on daily chart, panel 1)

MSFT (red candle on daily chart, panel 1)

NIO (red candle on daily chart, panel 1)

LUNR (red candle on daily chart, panel 1)

WDC (red candle on weekly chart, panel 1)

VIAV (red candle on daily chart, panel 1)

FLY (red candle on weekly chart, panel 1)

INTC (red candle on weekly chart, panel 1)

There are a few points I want to clarify as well:

1. Diverse Preferences: Investors have varied preferences; some favor large-cap stocks, while others might prefer small-cap or high-volatility stocks like those in mining.

2. Autonomy in Investment: I cannot cater individually to everyone's investment tastes or risk tolerance. My role here is to share insights, not to tailor investment picks for each follower, as I did during my time working at prestigious private banks. I must apologize, I cannot tell you to buy or sell. Therefore, questions about whether it is time to buy or sell will not be answered.

3. Challenges in Stock Picking: Identifying stocks with potential is time-consuming. Each week, I dedicate several hours to this task. However, the success of these picks depends heavily on factors like whale accumulation and broader market sentiments, which are often beyond our control. As a reminder, crypto-related stocks and miners are so volatile that red and yellow candles can alternate to confuse retail investors. Yellow candles are as reliable as red candles for signaling price movements, and swing/daily/weekly traders should follow both to set effective stop-loss levels.

4. A sharing of my strategies: For those who are interested in learning how to make use of my indicators for buying and selling stocks, I would recommend you read my post:

https://www.patreon.com/posts/sharing-of-my-on-134759106?utm_medium=clipboard_copy&utm_source=copyLink&utm_campaign=postshare_creator&utm_content=join_link

Disclaimer: Not financial advice. Remember, investing is not just about following someone else's lead but understanding and aligning with your personal financial goals and risk tolerance. Always do your own research and perhaps consult with a financial advisor for personalized advice.

FSLY (red candle on daily chart, panel 1)

DOCN (red candle on daily chart, panel 1)

GOOGL (red candle on daily chart, panel 1)

AMZN (red candle on daily chart, panel 1)

META (red candle on daily chart, panel 1)

MSFT (MACD golden cross on daily chart, panel 1)

NIO (red candle on daily chart, panel 1)

LUNR (red candle on daily chart, panel 1)

WDC (red candle on daily chart, panel 1)

VIAV (red candle on daily chart, panel 1)

FLY (red candle on daily chart, panel 1)

Comments are disabled for this post.

Get more out of every post with the app.
Open app
Related posts
6
MUST-READ: A Look at Bullish Data Centers (2 New Red Candles): $IREN, $CIFR, $HUT (April 11, 2026-weekly charts)
1. IREN Analysis: The red candle from April 8 remains valid on the daily chart. For the bottoming process to be considered complete, IREN ne

6 hours ago

16

6
TIERS 2-3 Trending Stocks Part 1 (1 New Red Candle): $ASTS, $RKLB, $MU, $NU, $IBRX and $SNDK (April 7, 2026-daily)
Starting this week, core stocks will continue to be updated daily, but other stocks will only be updated when they show significant price mo

4 days ago

21

1

Weekly Insights Part 1: S&P 500 Bull and Bear Markets: The Stairs vs. The Elevator (April 6, 2026)
The famous market saying goes: “Markets take the stairs up 